com/example/helloworld/Fragment50.java
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$10
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$11
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$12
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$13
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$14
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$15
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$16
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$2
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$3
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$4
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$5
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$6
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$7
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$8
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$1$9
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment50$2
com/example/helloworld/AIFragment.java
 com.example.helloworld.AIFragment
 com.example.helloworld.AIFragment$1
com/example/helloworld/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.helloworld.BuildConfig
com/example/helloworld/Fragment32.java
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$10
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$2
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$3
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$4
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$5
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$6
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$7
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$8
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$1$9
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment32$2
com/example/helloworld/Fragment28.java
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$10
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$2
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$3
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$4
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$5
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$6
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$7
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$8
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$1$9
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment28$2
com/example/helloworld/databinding/Fragment28Binding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.Fragment28Binding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/Fragment24Binding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.Fragment24Binding
com/example/helloworld/Fragment24.java
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$10
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$2
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$3
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$4
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$5
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$6
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$7
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$8
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$1$9
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment24$2
com/example/helloworld/Fragment42.java
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$10
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$11
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$12
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$13
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$14
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$15
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$16
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$2
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$3
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$4
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$5
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$6
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$7
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$8
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$1$9
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment42$2
com/example/helloworld/databinding/Fragment32Binding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.Fragment32Binding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/Fragment55Binding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.Fragment55Binding
com/example/helloworld/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.helloworld.FirstFragment
 com.example.helloworld.FirstFragment$1
 com.example.helloworld.FirstFragment$2
 com.example.helloworld.FirstFragment$3
com/example/helloworld/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/Fragment50Binding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.Fragment50Binding
com/example/helloworld/Fragment55.java
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$1
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$10
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$11
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$12
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$13
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$14
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$15
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$16
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$2
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$3
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$4
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$5
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$6
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$7
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$8
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$1$9
 com.example.helloworld.Fragment55$2
com/example/helloworld/databinding/Fragment42Binding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.Fragment42Binding
com/example/helloworld/MainActivity.java
 com.example.helloworld.MainActivity
 com.example.helloworld.MainActivity$1
 com.example.helloworld.MainActivity$ConnectThread
 com.example.helloworld.MainActivity$ConnectedThread
 com.example.helloworld.MainActivity$MessageConstants
com/example/helloworld/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/FragmentAIBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.FragmentAIBinding
com/example/helloworld/databinding/FragmentPresetBinding.java
 com.example.helloworld.databinding.FragmentPresetBinding
com/example/helloworld/PresetFragment.java
 com.example.helloworld.PresetFragment
 com.example.helloworld.PresetFragment$1
 com.example.helloworld.PresetFragment$2
